Deprecate gRPC API (#1334)
kubernetes-sigs/node-feature-discovery: docs/developer-guide/index.md

## Running locally

> ****DEPRECATED**: Running NFD locally is deprecated and will be removed in a

> > future release. It depends on the GRPC API which is deprecated and will be

Reviewer: nit: s/GRPC/gRPC/
```suggestion
> future release. It depends on the gRPC API which is deprecated and will be
```

When running as a standalone container labeling is expected to fail because
Kubernetes API is not available. Thus, it is recommended to use `-no-publish`

> and `-crd-controller=false` command line flag. E.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also specify `-crd-controller=false` and `-enable-nodefeature-api=false` command line flags to disable CRD controller and enable gRPC. E.g.
```

Please also add these to the example console snippet below

When running as a standalone container labeling is expected to fail because
Kubernetes API is not available. Thus, it is recommended to use `-no-publish`

> Also specify `-crd-controller=false` and `-enable-nodefeature-api=false`

Reviewer: plaese also add these flags to the console snippet below

### NFD-Topology-Updater

In order to run nfd-topology-updater as a "stand-alone" container

> you need to run it in the same network namespace as the nfd-master container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you need to run it in with the `-no-publish` flag to disable communication to the Kubernetes apiserver.
```

```bash

> $ docker run --rm --network=container:nfd-test ${NFD_CONTAINER_IMAGE} nfd-topology-updater -no-publish

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ docker run --rm ${NFD_CONTAINER_IMAGE} nfd-topology-updater -no-publish
```

standalone nfd-master you need to run them in the same network namespace:

```bash

> $ docker run --rm --network=container:nfd-test ${NFD_CONTAINER_IMAGE} nfd-topology-updater -no-publish

Reviewer: Please also remove the `against your standalone nfd-master...` above
